I have a very limited, but a highly positive, experience with online teaching, and hope the following will be useful to you.

I had the opportunity to instruct a core graduate course to 50+ students last year. I had taught this course many (around 20) times in the normal, in person, mode earlier -- to classes with student enrollment varying from 8 to 45.

Final exam and midterm tests that are not invigilated: In order to mitigate the adverse impact, I had to come up with a few measures. Students were given different sets of problems to solve -- each question would have 3 or 4 different problems of approximately equal difficulty. The time allotted was also limited in order to discourage discussion among students during the examination period, or for students to consult others for solutions. As an open-book or take-home examination is not uncommon for such graduate courses even when in person delivery is followed, this challenge was not formidable. However, if the class size is more than 10 or 15, I would prefer to offer invigilated in-class examinations and tests.
Dealing with delinquent students and those engaging in academic dishonesty: As instructor does not see the students when online delivery is followed, individual student interaction with students facing academic difficulties was challenging.

Lectures are recorded and made available to students throughout the semester. Students told me that they greatly benefited from this availability. Some students viewed parts of the recorded lectures to clarify their doubts, many students listened to (occasional) lectures they missed, and a few students viewed most of the lectures only outside of the scheduled class time (perhaps because they were doing part-time jobs with changing shifts).
Students were more willing to share their project reports with their classmates and also learn from going through their classmates' reports. This is possible even when the course is offered in person, but only on rare occasions, students took advantage of other students' work in the past. This may be due to the fact that students get in to the habit of learning from online resources in the absence of in person interaction with the instructor, TAs and most of their classmates.

Observations that pleasantly surprised me:.
Class attendance: In the first part of the semester, most classes had 75% to 95% student attendance, but it dropped by 15% in the second half. These numbers are consistent with the class attendance when the course is offered in person. Attendance at student seminars was close to 100% in either mode of delivery.
Student participation: More students asked questions during the class as well as at the end of each class when the course was offered online! Similarly, more questions were posed by students to other students during project seminars.
Brightspace: The software worked like a charm. Very few problems occurred and all these arose due to human error or ignorance -- quite often on the part of the instructor. The project seminars involved each (of the 50+) student giving a presentation for 15 minutes, followed by a question and answer session. The two-day session was more successful then an in-person event!.
Academic dishonesty: The mode of delivery does not seem to have an impact with respect to assignments. As always, several students engaged in plagiarism, but the incidents reduced with timely handling of each early occurrence. However, tests and examinations warranted a great deal of instructor's time and effort in this regard.
Overall, I found online delivery to be at least as effective as in person delivery for this course. This might not be the case with an undergraduate course, especially a first year or a second year course, that might require laboratory experiments.

Given a choice, I would prefer to offer this course primarily online, with the following exceptions:.
First class -- to explain the course and to have a face to face meeting with everyone.
Midterm test -- at least one invigilated in class individual testing of students would be a good idea in any course, as it would provide valuable feedback to the student as well as to the instructor.
Final examination -- however, if the class size is small, I might prefer a take-home open-book examination.

I believe we already have a near-perfect online teaching system -- for courses that do not involve labs or field work.

For asynchronous (prerecorded) material (and for synchronous material that is recorded for later viewing), students can view the material at a time convenient for them.   They can pause the playback and they can rewind to view again any points of confusion.

Live tutorials and "office hours" can be more productive as a result.

Lack of personal interactions, for students with each other and for students with instructors.

Some students lack suitable quiet areas in which to attend online classes.

If synchronous class content is not recorded, then students in distant time zones are likely to be disadvantaged.

For the instructor: add edit features for videos recorded in D2L's "online rooms".

no comment at this time.

In class, for the interaction reason stated above; but also record classes (as I did in some of my pre-pandemic courses) for later review by students and to help students who must be absent from a class.

The main advantage is that the lectures are recorded. The students can watch several times if they want. I have been told the recorded lectures were helpful during the preparation for exams. Another advantage is that in Newfoundland we did not have to cancel or reschedule lectures due to snowstorms.
Very few students ask questions during the lecture. In regular classroom teaching, when one student asks a question, many other students get benefit from that. Sometimes the discussion continues and that leads to in-depth learning. Students also cannot meet the instructors and cannot have face-to-face discussion.

Exams are the most challenging part for instructors and students. As it is not invigilated, it is very difficult to identify which sources students use. More specifically, for undergraduate courses where it is not a good idea to give the open-book challenged exam, as graduate courses.

Laboratory test components should be somehow accommodated, if possible.

In-Class teaching. Better communication between students and instructors.
