The online education system allows professors to record their lectures, subsequently allowing the students to view the recorded lectures at their convenience. Time management becomes easier. There is no hassle of going from your home to the classroom.

Severely undercuts the teacher student interaction and the classroom environment experience.

Could be improved by ensuring good stable connections and good video and audio quality.

I would like to see a phone app being used to sync with the online classroom platform to carry out interactive classroom questioning sessions, allowing professors and students to ask and answer questions seemlessly during the lectures, without having to interrupt the lectures.

A mix of both the online and in class systems. I would prefer a system, which is adaptable and time-management friendly like the only sytem, with proper student-professor interaction and the classroom experience.

The advantage of online teaching system is that it allows students to view lectures at their own time. The disadvantage is that the connection between students and professors doesn't feel the same as it would be in an in-person teaching scenario.

The professors should be more open-minded and flexible in the delivering their courses.

Use a video player that allows to play the lectures at various speeds.

Difficult to choose, but I would prefer a mix between an online teaching and an in-person teaching system.

The class environment is at home, therefore it is more comfortable for students, there is no need of transportation to a classroom, which makes it easier to attend classes (unless of a timezone-related problem).
Some students will not grasp the content as easily as if it was explained in class by the professor, students have a harder time approaching thewir respective instructors, and at times there may be some connection issues or platform issues to attend classes.

Since online-teaching has been a new system for most students, considering expanding the instructor's office hours for a bigger range of options could significantly help students struggling with the online-teaching technologies.

The option of instructors doing a poll before or after class related to the content previously given to fully understand (from the instructor's perspective), if the class is grasping the content equally as good as if the classes were given in person.

In-class teaching is the choice I would take, mainly because in-person classes opens your perspective regardijng the content and you can ask questions to your instructor shortly after, as well as the university life, which is a major reason why students go to university, for the university environment, connections, lessons learned, library, among other features.

Doing stuff on your own time and taking your time to understand the material

Depending on the class it can be easier to split up the lecture into smaller parts instead of one video 

It would beneficial to have flags on specific parts for the lecture. EX Flag 1 is intro...Flag 6 is conclusion

Online, it can be easier for the prof to communicate the material from a recording instead of being put on the spot in the middle of the class and random questions. The prof can also answer these questions via email or regard them in a class discussion while giving him or her the time to think for the best answer and possible add on questions from the class.

Flexibility when it comes to attending classes since you are not bound by physical location. 
Saved time to get ready for a class, you don't have to go far.

The different time zones in which the instructor teaches and the student attends may be impactful to different students depending on location.
Issues related to good internet access. In cases where you can't have access to recorded lectures, if the internet shuts off it's makes it hard to keep up.
Depending on your location, it may be too noisy to keep up with classes or take exams in a quiet environment

I would prefer the in-class teaching experience. I find so much value in physically being in class and interesting directly with peers and the instructors. It could be a think to do with perspections, but the experience is not the same in my opinion.

lectures are most of the time recorded giving the option and availability to watch and review lectures at a later time.

profs are more likely to ignore feedback and concerns about delivery and material. Easier to ignore students complaints. There is no additional information given as students are likely anxious to ask questions online or feel there is not enough time.. technical difficulty with delivery takes up extra time not accounted for in the schedule so giving over time is a common issue.

Have profs account for technical difficulty. Prevent going over time and running into other lectures. Have profs actually trained on online delivery of material. encourage feedback from students directly to profs about how the lectures can be improved in delivery.

A "hands up" tool similar to Microsoft teams. Address questions at end of lectures to save on time and delivery during and for the flow of recorded lectures.

In class teaching is far superior. People are social by nature. Interactive learning is the best for quality of education.
