Easy accesibility irrespective of location and the ability to revisit recorded lectures.
Decreased attention span, easy distraction and the absence of the physical classroom.

The system can be improved by improving interaction between teachers and students.

An ability for teachers to easily gauge the understanding of students.

In-class teaching will be more preferable because it captures the attention of the student to a greater extent, while reducing environmental distractions.

Provides flexibility and reduces transportation spending which is essential for college students
Not having a physical presence of classmates and teachers can act as a catalyst to distraction and the subject matter can get very monotonous without proper breaks

Security reasons had been an issue in the initial days of the transition which should be addressed.

Having an integrated online library system where students can access books through these platforms and have it saved to their accounts.

Having a more conducive assignment/exam taking pattern 

Providing options where students can sync their timetables with the platforms and get notifications about upcoming classes 

In class teaching. Having classmates around and human interaction provides a stimulus to the learning experience rather than being cooped up in a room. The importance of human touch and presence and brainstorming sessions during exam times with peers around acts as a stress reliever for many.


None( from an education point of view)

Lack of motivation for students
Increasing plagiarism during tests
Lack of demonstration of practical applications/experiments through online classes

Imbibition of practical application/ experiment classes into the curriculum.
Usage of plagiarism detecting softwares

Humans are social creatures. In case of an absence of deterrent, an online teaching system should not be be the preferable alternative. Teaching isn't just about passing of knowledge related to books and other study material (as is in the curriculum of schools and universities). 

The Online teaching system is rather Disadvantageous in my opinion, there are network connectivity issues and the whole system of education becomes somewhat boring when it's done in front of the screen for hours without any interactions especially! 

Internet connection stability is a necessity. Other than that, interactive sessions can make it interesting and screen sharing, showing interesting slides and tutorial videos. 

I think teaching online is a difficult task and so is gaining knowledge from it. The system can be functional if both the sides manage to interact well during classes. 

In my opinion, I'd still like to stick to the good old method of offline education system where technology will be used in teaching methods but there would be a direct interaction between the teacher and the student. 

Could be the lack of pressure and more time being available at hands. And a more structured customisable way of teaching. 
Poor connections and the one to one help which helps psychologically as well. Man is a social animal and teaching and interaction in person is always a better alternative

Better ui and separate rooms to ask for help. One on one interaction in special classes. And integration of platforms such as google classrooms directly with google meet.

Integrity with organisational platforms which help in collection of notes and materials and are directly accessible during the class

No. A physical system is much better because of the interaction and related psychological comfort
